.TH uuwsmtp 1 "Mon Jan 20 1997" "UNIX/Connect" "UNIX/Connect"
.SH NAME
uuwsmtp \- convert mail from ZConnect to RFC822 bsmtp
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B uuwsmtp
.I file.prv smtpdir
.LP
.B uuwsmtp \-d
.I file.prv file.smtp
.LP
.B uuwsmtp \-f
.I file.prv
.RI [system]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B uuwsmtp
is a program used to convert
.I ZConnect
mail (i.e.,
.I personal
messages) to
.I batched SMTP
format understood by common UNIX-mailers such as
.IR sendmail(8)
or
.IR smail(8) .
The file
.I file.prv
is supposed to be in
.I ZConnect3.1
format. If you don't know what that is, this is probably not for you.
.PP
The
first method of invoking
.B uuwsmtp
is used to spool messages directly into a spool directory.
.B uuwsmtp
will generate unique filenames in there. Those filenames are not specified
and you should not implement anything relying on certain types of names.
.PP
The second method (using the
.B \-d
switch) is used to specify input and output files. Since its primary use is
for automated testing of the gate, the input file will not be deleted.
.PP
The third method (with the
.B \-f
flag) is the most commonly used. With this mode,
.B uuwsmtp
will read the messages in ZCONNECT format from the given file and send them
out in bSMTP format on standard output. This way, you can easily pipe the
output into programs like
.IR smail .
.PP
The input file to
.B uuwsmtp
will be deleted unless you use the
.B \-d
switch!

.SH FILES
.I [UNIX/Connect-Dir]/config

.SH BUGS
Less than Microsoft Windows(tm) :-)
.PP
The date-conversion routines are still a bit buggy: When converting
ZC->RFC->ZC, you will always end up with an
.BR EDA: -Header
with a
.B W
for wintertime in it.

.SH AUTHORS
Various. The first versions have been written by Martin Husemann, by now the
package is maintained by Christopher Creutzig. Large parts of the code have
been contributed by Moritz Both. Dirk Meyer and Detlev Wuerkner have sent in
a lot of improvements and bug fixes. This man page has been written by
Christopher Creutzig.

.SH CONTACTS
The maintainer can be reached as
.I christopher@nescio.foebud.org
or via snail-mail at
.IR "Christopher Creutzig, Im Samtfelde 19, 33098 Paderborn, Germany" .
.PP
For general discussions, please use the mailinglist
.IR unix-connect@mailinglisten.Im-Netz.de .
To join this list, please ask the adminstrator via mail to
.IR nora.e@mailinglisten.Im-Netz.de .
I encourage everybody using UNIX/Connect to join this list.
The mailing list is archived, please have instructions sent to your for
further information.

.SH FTP
UNIX/Connect is distributed via
.I ftp.owl.de
in the directory
.IR /pub/unix-connect .

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR zconsplit (1),
.BR uuwnews (1),
.BR uursmtp (1),
.BR uurnews (1),
.BR anruf (1),
.BR auspack (1),
.BR einpack (1),
.BR import (1),
.BR januslogin (8),
.BR list-systems (8),
.BR prearc (1),
.BR receiver (8),
.BR zbatchsmtp (1),
.BR zcall (1)
